Arshad Nawaz: picking up.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Slow SQLs and other things, correct? What are the SQLs that are running, like, very slow or consuming high resources? Whatever the data that you get might be, like, very good for, like, the dashboarding purposes, correct? Like, you are aggregating…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Storing it like a disk query, maybe like a disk many times, it was slowly performing.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But when it comes to the normal systems, this is what, like, my understanding, just to correct me if I'm wrong.
Arshad Nawaz: So.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: For slow queries, you would have defined some kind of, like, the thresholds, correct?
Arshad Nawaz: Hmm.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Those thresholds might not hold good for, like, all the systems.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: When we go to, like, the loyaltype systems.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Even, like, if the quasi is running from milliseconds, then it is a bigger problem.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But if you go to, like, the batch-based systems, which runs, like, the overnight systems, or, like, the data warehousing system.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: There are the queries, which runs for, like, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, might not be a problem for us?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, when we want to give, like, a kind of, like, the deeper analysis, these thresholds.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Needs to be changed based on the system behind.
Arshad Nawaz: It is customizable.
Arshad Nawaz: customizable? We leave it up to the customer to define what is their.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Correct. So, customer, but many of the times, customer might not be able to defend clearly what might be.
Arshad Nawaz: No, we have a recommendation. We have a recommendation for if you are using for an OLTP system, this is how it should be. But most 99% of the time, the person who is configuring it is the lead DB or the lead SRE.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it. So, here, like, that's what… whenever, like, we are filtering out, like, the data and other things.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So then, most of the things already, like, we are doing it, correct? We are filtering about getting, like, a top 10.
Arshad Nawaz: Okay.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: query. On top of that, you can't do, like, much more things. It is a kind of, like, the limited things. So that means that you have, like, the top 10 sequels. For any particular issue, I need to check maybe, like, the issues only in, like, the top 10, or maybe, like, the top 20, correct?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But some cases, it might not be, like, this top 10 or, like, a top 20.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: In the sense, like, the Royalty systems.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: There is, like, one particular sequel suddenly has been changed from milliseconds to microseconds.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But millisecond behavior, you would have not captured.
Arshad Nawaz: Hmm.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Because of, like, the thresholds.
Arshad Nawaz: Sorry, microseconds you would have not captured. Milliseconds you would have captured.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: comparison and debating. So, whatever, like, you are doing, like, your analysis is going to be, like, very, very limited.
Arshad Nawaz: Yes.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So that's where, like, we thought to check with you, is there any way that maybe.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: can get, like, much more information. Not for all the scenarios.
Arshad Nawaz: No.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: If there is a kind of, like, issues or something, like, is there any way to record more data? So that it is going to be a kind of, like, the complete analysis by the user.
Arshad Nawaz: Thank you, Bill.
Abhi: And just one more point, and Rashad, even if the…
Abhi: If the expert, like a DB engineer, whatever, you know, they are setting the thresholds. Aren't we assuming that they know it all? Like, my assumption is they don't know it all, that's why…
Arshad Nawaz: Oops.
Abhi: they're trying to figure out ways to understand stuff, right? Correct me if I'm wrong there.
Arshad Nawaz: So they would know. Why are they instrumenting our tool is primarily to monitor if it…
Arshad Nawaz: And second thing is connecting application behavior to database behavior.
Abhi: But do we do anything on that part as well, where we tell them, key, no, this is not the right threshold, maybe, you know, this should be the better threshold or something like that.
Arshad Nawaz: There is a default, there is a default value for two types of systems. Shikam was saying batch, batch and warehousing is one.
Abhi: Yeah. OLTP is one.
Arshad Nawaz: But then that is also, like, extremely subjective.
Arshad Nawaz: We leave it to the user.
Abhi: If they want to pick it or not, yeah.
Arshad Nawaz: Yes.
Abhi: Okay, got it.
Arshad Nawaz: One thing is, that scenario wherein something was running in microseconds, and suddenly it started moving into milliseconds.
Arshad Nawaz: database itself doesn't keep information of individual query-level details. You might have a SQL ID. For Oracle only, you might have this data, but then for all other databases, it is put into a normalized query, and then you get an aggregated value of the entire
Arshad Nawaz: Normalized query. What is a normalized query? Query… queries with similar structure are normalized queries.
Arshad Nawaz: For example, select star from employee where employee number is equal to 1.
Arshad Nawaz: You change that wear condition, whatever you want, like, everything will come into the same bucket of queries. The database itself doesn't store
Arshad Nawaz: Query by level, query by query detail.
Arshad Nawaz: Second problem is, if we… in some cases where it stores, like Oracle.
Arshad Nawaz: how do you pick it up? If you start running this query on the DB, then the DB itself will go slow.
Arshad Nawaz: And then it's a performance overhead for us.
Arshad Nawaz: Third thing.
Arshad Nawaz: you have the full set, then what? Are we able to… if you are… if you're consuming 20% of the resources for that DB, are we providing that kind of value?
Arshad Nawaz: These are the questions which have to be answered before we actually start moving into, like, digging in the full set.
Arshad Nawaz: That is why the sampling has been done. The top 10 or top 20 slowest or the active running queries have been picked up.
Arshad Nawaz: So you can do it there. The other thing, to answer Sheikhan's question, that if something was performing good, and suddenly the performance went bad, you take out that deviation from the aggregated stats. Aggregated stats says that this query completes in 2 seconds.
Arshad Nawaz: Now my latest run has picked up that it is now completing on 6 seconds.
Arshad Nawaz: So there is, like, 3-fold increase in the number of timings. That you can flag.
Arshad Nawaz: But collecting everything.
Arshad Nawaz: You can collect, technically speaking, but then in an active production environment, it will cause too much of overhead.
Arshad Nawaz: Nobody does it. No player in the market does it, by the way. Everybody does sampling.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: No, no, sampling, is, one thing, say, sampling is, like, one, definitely. The other one, here is, I'm not sure, like, how,
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Oracle does… so, Oracle has, something called AWR…
Arshad Nawaz: It's a separate paid feature.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Paid feature, and…
Arshad Nawaz: They are essentially performance schemas which are enabled, and what that query-by-query level information is stored there. But when we run a process, we run, again, a query on the DV.
Arshad Nawaz: So it is an overhead for the database itself.
Arshad Nawaz: Because now we are running this query in multiple intervals.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But Oracle, it doesn't run the queries, especially AWR, ESH. I'm not sure about, like, the internal behavior. So they will try to pick the information from somewhere, database logs or something.
Arshad Nawaz: Hmm.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So you have regular…
Arshad Nawaz: So from redo logs, it's basically a backend, like a kernel-level process which does that. Correct. But when we scrape it, it has to go as a normal query.
Arshad Nawaz: Now, when we are doing a normal query, if you start running queries every second on the DB, and you are only consuming a lot of overhead.
Arshad Nawaz: So that is the first red flag for a customer.
Arshad Nawaz: Cannot exceed 2% of utilization.
Arshad Nawaz: Like, our agent should not exceed 2% of utilization. If you're adding that kind of value, that, okay, TK, we will do this, but then we will give you this kind of value, then maybe we can sell it, but then what is the value?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Hmm.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Go ahead.
Abhi: That's a fair point.
Abhi: Agent utilization of the resources.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it. But here, I said, like, one small thing, like, just a tattoo check. Two things, like, I want to check, like, one.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, if you are having such a kind of, like, the restrictions.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: the usability of the data is going to be a kind of, like, the limited, correct? Like, the use cases that you can do on top of this is going to be, like, very, very limited.
Arshad Nawaz: Thank you.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: See, dashboarding purposes, anyway, as you said, top 10 or top 20, that is what, like, most of the people are very much interested in.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But whenever, if you want to really solve any particular database issue.
Arshad Nawaz: You know the name.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: You need much more leather.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Better than, like, the aggregated information, correct?
Arshad Nawaz: Aggregated information is only available for the queries. Rest, everything is coming as a metric.
Arshad Nawaz: For a given SQL, text-only aggregate values are the thing. Rest all, like, there are 150 metrics which we collect. They are all granular, point in time. They are not aggregated.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Correct. They are, like, whatever you were saying, like, it is GCP utilization or other metrics, correct?
Arshad Nawaz: There are many things. Redo logs is there.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Cash-it ratio is there.
Arshad Nawaz: There's so many things, like, these are, like, too specific to Oracle, but, like, there are 150, 200 metrics which we collect at point in time.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Correct. So, here, that's what I'm saying, like, I'm taking a very simple example. Cash-A-hit ratio, it is a kind of, like, the metric that is going to come every time. So, suddenly, like, your cashier-hit ratio, earlier it was maybe, like, 80%.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Now it came down to, like, a 40%.
Arshad Nawaz: Then people will go and then check the queries.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Which has, like, more disk rates compared to, like,
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: maybe, or maybe, like, why the cache is getting filled up, like, why… because, like, it is first-in-faster, correct? That is what, like, the concepts and other things. So these metrics, similar to, like, whatever I told you, you know, ISEA algorithm that we have built, it is having a kind of limitations. It can go up to, like, the metrics, then the
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Below the metrics, we do not have, like, any much more information. Even, we want to use, like, the traces, for, trying to identify a kind of… we want to do some kind of, like, the transactional analysis. Once you are having an issue. We want to see, like, a transaction level.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But traces also, it is at, like, the sampled. So, we are getting, like, 0.01% is going to be, like, a sampling rate with respect to, traces. So that is, like, one problem. Here, also, the same thing, like, start to check, is there any way that maybe not continuously ingesting this particular data, so let's suppose you have, like, an issue, you have seen cache hit ratio.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Epic.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: A particular movement.
Arshad Nawaz: It is.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: It has been reduced from 80% to, like, maybe 40%.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, maybe on that particular site.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Before, like, 10 minutes, after 10 minutes, or maybe, like, in between that particular time frame.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Can we get, like, much more information from the databases? Leave about, like, the metrics and other things.
Arshad Nawaz: Which kind of information?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, one is, like, the all this equals, whichever is.
Arshad Nawaz: All SQLs we don't get. 20 limit we have.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Maximum, it is 20.
Arshad Nawaz: Maximum 20 in terms of duration. What is the maximum thing which we will… because…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Okay.
Arshad Nawaz: Considering an OLTP, we have one client which runs 6,000 queries per second.
Arshad Nawaz: 6,000 queries, if we start scraping, doesn't make sense, right? So we… the upper limit is 20, top 20, slow queries. We pull them.
Arshad Nawaz: If it is causing a performance issue, even in cache attrition, it should come within that 20.
Arshad Nawaz: At a given time.
Arshad Nawaz: We collect information for the completed queries. Once it is completed, we collect information like what is the SQL ID, what plan it picked up, what are the number of inserts updated did, all those things we picked up. But on an active running session, only 20 are picked up.
Arshad Nawaz: And that is enough, actually. Nobody's asking more than that.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: No, that is, like, more than enough for her, this is 90% of, like, the problem, that's what I'm saying
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Because whenever your casual heat ratio has been down.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Maybe from 80 to, like, a 60%. Whatever the 20% of the queries.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Might be, like, a kind of, like, the regions. But here, the most problematic thing is going to be the query.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: That is… that runs multiple times.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, let's suppose I have, like, the query. If somebody is not using, like, the proper parameterized approaches or something like this, SQL switch parameterized, every time it is going to go for, like, a kind of, like, the hard passing, so then it will go to, like, the DB, disk, and then try to get, like.
Arshad Nawaz: It's true, too.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So here, compared to, like, the slow-running queries for, like, the cache ratio, the query which runs, like, the most of the times.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Whether it is trying to use, like, the cashier app. That is the problematic thing, correct?
Arshad Nawaz: Yes.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So… It might pick up in, like, a top 20 queries, like, whatever you are…
Arshad Nawaz: What is the exact data point you're looking for here?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So here, we are looking for the… Top 20 queries by discrete.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Not like the performance.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: See, when it comes to, like, this EQL, elapsed time is, like.
Arshad Nawaz: This information you will not get in any database, it is just an estimate.
Arshad Nawaz: What actually happens, you don't get anywhere.
Arshad Nawaz: into… for each given query, what is the execution plan created? It will have a estimate that what is the discrete it will do. But what actual discrete it is doing, nobody knows. Not even the database knows until it is completed. That query.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Even if it is, like, a kind of, like, estimator, it is a very good information.
Arshad Nawaz: estimate you can get, right? It doesn't matter. For a given normalized query, there will be… for a given query pattern, there will be one plan associated to that. You can always go pick up that plan and see what is the estimate inside for each node.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: I'm not saying about, like, the estimator. So, I do not have, like, the Oracle instance, I would… Estimator.
Arshad Nawaz: of the byte read, or the disk read, disk reads happening, this estimate you will get within the plan.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: No, outside the plan also, like, you have that info. So, do you have, like, the Oracle instance? You can try and select a GV dollars equal area. GV dollars equal area. So, in the GV dollars equal area, there are so many metrics. One is, like, the elapsed time.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: than discrete, so I think closer to…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: By 8 to 9 metrics at, like, the SQL level, you have 3.
Arshad Nawaz: A lot of plan estimates.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: These are, like, the plan estimates captured not in the plan, outside the plan.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, in the sense, you no need to re-lick the plan, so just.
Arshad Nawaz: Beautiful.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: One thing.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Just to give me, like, one minute.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Going to that.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Okay, so let me share my screen.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Have you…
Arshad Nawaz: Yes, I can see your screen, yes.
Abhi: Yep.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So here, this is, like, one of the table. Definitely, you might be hitting this particular table, V-dollar SQL area, like, the GV dollar SQL area. If you can see, like, you have, SQL ID, shareable memory, persistent memory, runtime memory, how much…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: It is runtime, it uses, like, the memory. And here, there is something like the past calls, number of calls.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: which goes for, like, the hard passing or, like, the soft passing, how many times it has done, like, a kind of, like, the invalidation. So, if you have, like, a mode invalidation for the SQL query, I think people haven't done a kind of, like, the parameters.
Arshad Nawaz: misleading.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, every time the plan, it is trying to compute. Here, like, you can see, like, the buffer gets, direct reads, and direct reads, disk reads, pascals.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: And wait times related, here. ROSE is processed, so it is not, like, an actual, it is, like, estimated ROS that is being passed.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: And here, there is something called,
Arshad Nawaz: We already, we already picked up this table, so if you need all those columns, we can add it.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Now, here, you are picking up this particular table. So, when you are, getting, like, a top 20 sequels, and what metric that you are getting, like, a top 20?
Arshad Nawaz: Average duration, elapsed time.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, that's what I'm saying, like, here…
Arshad Nawaz: No, no, but this is for completed queries, this is not for active queries.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So even for, like, the completed queries also.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: I'm saying, like, leave about, like, the active queries, let's discuss about, like, the complicated part.
Arshad Nawaz: In the completed query.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Yale's time is just, it is a kind of, like, the measure of
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Maybe the time that has been taken to run a particular query, approximate, correct? Yeah. And at the same time, if you're getting, like, the sequels based on this particular time.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: And there are the queries which are running, like, the… having less elapsed time, but having higher disputes.
Arshad Nawaz: Okay.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, here, whenever we are getting, like, the top 20, this is what I was saying. It shouldn't be completely unlike the elapsed time. It might be some cases, like, we want to get, like, a top 20 by this.
Arshad Nawaz: Make it some loose.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Fantastic.
Arshad Nawaz: Okay, we can, we can add then.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Okay, so…
Arshad Nawaz: So, if you're proposing that this…
Arshad Nawaz: Sorry, so if you're proposing that we should add some additional data points, we can definitely do that, not a problem.
Arshad Nawaz: The only constraints which we need to operate within is under 2% utilization of memory and CPU.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it, got it.
Arshad Nawaz: That's odd.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Looked.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Understood.
Arshad Nawaz: So, if you say tomorrow that if you want to enable this analysis, so we need to collect this set of extra data, that is something I can easily sell to any customer.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it, got it. Because whenever, normally, this is what, like, in, when I've done, like, my, analysis, based on, like, the, system issues, the system issues, something like, if the cache rate ratio is very higher, I'm not going to go on, like, the elapsed 10. I'm going to pick up, like, the discrets.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: And from the discrete, I'm going to check, like, which is the top 20 queries.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Having, like, an effect on cash acquisition.
Arshad Nawaz: Okay.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So that means, based on, like, the pattern, or whatever, like, you are observing in the database, based on that, you should get, like, a top 20, or, like, a top 30, so that, like, you can complete the analysis. That is what, like, I'm… I was trying to explain to you.
Arshad Nawaz: Sure, sure. Can do, can do.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, these are, the same things, like, that are, very much is available.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: the PL SQL, I think, like, these are, directly related to… Elad's time?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So here, if you can see.
Arshad Nawaz: Just one second.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: so…
Arshad Nawaz: I don't…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: These are.
Arshad Nawaz: That's funny.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Related to, like, your, disk rings, or, like, the cache kind of, like, the things, whether it is having that particular things, even, like, the buffer gets also. This is that one particular property.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: then we had… maybe I'll segregate, and then I can send it. So…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: And whatever, like, you are getting, like, the top 20, it should be at the multiple dimensions. That's what I'm saying.
Arshad Nawaz: Sure, sure. We can add a chicken, like, not a problem.
Arshad Nawaz: You're essentially proposing to do the solutioning from a different direction? I'm okay with that.
Arshad Nawaz: It is just that, like, we need to call out those use cases and the value which can be provided.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it, got it.
Arshad Nawaz: Because there are two things which will increase. Overhead is okay, like, that is an initial constraint. Second thing is.
Arshad Nawaz: They will also have additional ingest.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Gorgeous.
Arshad Nawaz: Customers will have additional interest, that means higher billing.
Arshad Nawaz: And anyway, most likely, this feature will be separately charged also.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it, got it, understood.
Arshad Nawaz: Like, just letting you know, that's all.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Got it. So here, like, these are related to, like, your bytes, number of bytes. These are completely related to number of bytes.
Arshad Nawaz: You bet.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, like, this, I'm not sure about, like, Microsoft SQL Server, but Oracle, for the completed queries, for running queries, you can't get it from this one, like, you need to go to AWS, and you try to get the information, I think.
Arshad Nawaz: There is… No, there is another v. SQL session will be another table will be there somewhere. From there, you can pick a backup.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So that is one. There is,
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, I think, DB Chemist.
Arshad Nawaz: underscore.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: X.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Display AWS.
Arshad Nawaz: Thank you for that.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: These are called pipeline functions, a DBMSX plan. If you go to, like, the DBMS X plan.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: There is a function called AWS.
Arshad Nawaz: my mother.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, DVMS explained that, Display AWS files.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: If you go to, like, this particular one, it gives us, based on the SQL ID.
Arshad Nawaz: It gives us…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: but the same SQL ID.
Arshad Nawaz: Listen.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: The historical, all the execution papers.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, historically, if you have, like, a 20 execution plan.
Arshad Nawaz: It's funny.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: a particular SQL ID, it will try to get all these particular things. The plan hash value, DBID,
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: And then the format.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So… This is, like, one of the things.
Arshad Nawaz: Not.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: like, reuse to the core to check, is there any plan changes at the SPA level? If it is more plan changes.
Arshad Nawaz: Thank you.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So that means you need to control at the database level, because most of the databases.
Arshad Nawaz: Fuck.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Now, they have something called Adaptive Behavior.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So they used to adapt.
Arshad Nawaz: activate.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: For, like, the scenarios and events.
Arshad Nawaz: Yeah.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, if you're seeing, like, one particular SQL ID in the AWA report, there are, like, the N number of, plans.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So that means it is going, like, more adaptive, like, you need to control the adaptive behavior to make it, like, more, this one. So this is, like, the thing that, like, we use to check the number of plants, and
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: From there, like, which is the best plan?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: That particular plan, we are going to give it to the DBAs to make it as a kind of, like, the baseline.
Arshad Nawaz: So…
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: One of the recommendations, normally, like, we do is, baseline.
Arshad Nawaz: Dean?
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Aracle.
Arshad Nawaz: So.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: there is something called SQL Profile and SQL baseline. We will get, like, from the AWA report, which is the very good SQL, and we are going to make it as a kind of baseline, so that Optimizer, when it prepares the plan for next time, it needs to take this as a baseline.
Arshad Nawaz: If something is performing better than the baseline, it will pick up.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Whereas, it will go for, like, D.
Arshad Nawaz: John, Sean.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: But I'm not sure about, like, the Microsoft SQL Server.
Arshad Nawaz: It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, let's start with an Oracle thing.
Arshad Nawaz: If it is working out, then we'll try to find out, because…
Arshad Nawaz: The product is slightly different for Oracle, slightly different for SQL Server.
Arshad Nawaz: We're trying to make a common framework as much as possible, but the terms are different, the way data is collected are different, the way they call session in each are different.
Arshad Nawaz: So, it's okay, like, if there's slight deviation also, it's fine.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: I think, like, that will be very good. I'll get you, like, some of the things, whatever, like, that we have discussed. I'll share it with both of you. Maybe if you're trying to get, like, the top 10 based on the different metrics.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Because that's where, like, your agent is going to be very helpful. At the, metric level, if I'm observing.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: The CPU utilization is very high. So then, I'm going to go for, like, the long-running queries. It is, like, the discrets are very high.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: are, like, the memory usage, it is more frequently is going to hit, like, the 100% and other things. So we want to go on and pick up, like, the queries which is using, like, the highest memory.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Again, like, the third one. So, we can have, like, the different dimensions here, but each and every dimension, we'll get additional 20 sequels. That will solve, like, our.
Arshad Nawaz: Oh, lots, lots of room.
Arshad Nawaz: Ashikant, if you can create a doc or something explaining these use cases, Prabhu is here tomorrow.
Arshad Nawaz: Till 16.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: extensively.
Arshad Nawaz: So we can… I can schedule some time with him, and then we can go… go over as well.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: Sure. Again, he's coming, to Bangalore on Monday, like, a Tuesday, I guess.
Arshad Nawaz: Okay.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: So, even, I want to give, like, some of, the AML use cases that we are building, like, as a part of, like, the platform.
Arshad Nawaz: Sure, sure.
Sreekanth Tadakaluru: I'll create, like, the things, so as per my understanding, so on top of that, like, you and Abi can add it, and then you can present, or, like, you can have the discussion with the provost.
Arshad Nawaz: Sure, sure, have a listen.
Arshad Nawaz: Cool.
Abhi: I think we are good then.
Abhi: Usel, you and I can talk more about a couple of other things, constraints specifically.
Arshad Nawaz: Boom.
Abhi: But on the technical side, I think we are good. So we'll wait for the document or any sort of a write-up from you, Shikant, right? And then we'll take it ahead from there.
Arshad Nawaz: Okay.
Abhi: Yeah, it's perfect.